## Drinnking Water 

Fresh water is the primary source of human health, prosperity, and security. By around 2050 the world's population is expected to reach about nine billion. Assuming that standards of living continue to rise, the requirement of potable water for human consumption will amount to the resources of about three planet Earths. A key United Nations report indicates that water shortages will affect 2.3 billion people or 30% of the world's population in four dozen nations by 2025. Already, the crisis of potable water in most developing countries is creating public health emergencies of staggering proportions. In Bangladesh, for example, it is officially recognized by the government of Bangladesh that 50% of the country's approximately 150 million people, are at risk of arsenic poisoning from groundwater used for drinking. Recently, the government of Bangladesh, in its Action Plan for Poverty Reduction, stated its desire to ensure 100% access to pure drinking water across the region within the shortest possible time frame [3]. This is also consistent with key goals of the Millennium Development Goal “Eradication of extreme poverty and hunger” and “Halving by 2015, the proportion of people without sustainable access to safe drinking water”. Whether this is achievable within the stated time is debatable, but it clearly delineates the state of the world we live in. - Abul Hussam, in Monitoring Water Quality, 2013

This notebook will explore the different features related to water potability, Modeling, and predicting water potability. We will dive into an in-depth analysis of what separates potable water from non-potable using traditional statistics, bayesian inference, and other machine learning approaches that will help us uncover the underlying process.